Hi everyone, my name is Spike and I'm with Dispatch AI. In the United States, over 80% of 911 call centers are critically understaffed. This means that in a crisis, people with real emergencies aren't able to get the support they need because all the human agents are busy, and they're often put on hold. This is particularly an issue in our neighboring city of Oakland, where last year, the average wait time was over 60 seconds to pick up a 911 call. Now, in an emergency, every second counts, and this could be literally the difference between life and death. This is unacceptable, and that's why we built Dispatch AI, the world's first AI 911 call operator, designed to eliminate these wait times. Our system is powered by two key components. First is the voice AI. The voice AI will step into calls when all human agents are busy, and it will work with the caller to evaluate their situation, extract the location, and optionally dispatch first responders directly to the scene. And the second part is our powerful dashboard for the operator themselves. So the operator will have access to a bird's eye view of all of the ongoing calls, which will be automatically triaged by the AI into different forms of severity or priority. Further, they'll see that the AI will automatically extract the location and will provide a live transcript of the call so that they can quickly see what's going on and even step into the call once they're available. Further, they have buttons that allow them to directly, with just one click because the location's already fetched, dispatch police, firefighters, or paramedics. All of this is done from a human-centric angle, and the way how we achieve this is by taking into account the caller's emotions. So for instance, when a caller shows signs of anxiety or fear, the system can work more to calm them down and make them feel at ease before taking the next safe step. This system is fully designed with ethical safeguides in mind, and part of that was fine-tuning a model on over 500 911 calls so that it could understand the proper protocols and have a wide, or be knowledgeable on a wide variety of possible scenarios in which a 911 operator could assist, including fake calls or instances where it may not need assistance. This is all powered by our innovative tech stack that utilizes a variety of AI components, including the voice AI, the emotional analysis, and of course a key component of this, the fine-tuning itself. Our mission is to make requesting emergency services more effective and efficient. Thank you. So talking about this is hard, so why not try to do a demo? I have my phone here with me, and I will call our agent. Now, in this situation, we're simulating that the AI lines are all busy, and we'll get redirected to an AI. So let's do a call. 911, what's your emergency? There's currently an earthquake. Send help, please. See, you can see that our call updates in real time on the dashboard, and our transcription is on the right. I am currently at the Golden Gate Bridge, and there's a lot of people injured. Please send help. See, we get the transcript live on the right side, and we have a summary on the left side that also shows the location, as well as the summary, and location, as well as how critical it is. It didn't seem to work this time. Let's try again. I'm currently at the Golden Gate Bridge, and we need help. There's a lot of people here that are injured. Is there immediate danger where you are? Yep. And here, now you can see that we have it shown in real time, and dispatchers can either People can dispatch first responders, or also transfer the calls. Thank you for watching.